README.md, before:

# Tumelo Platform API Documentation

Tumelo's mission is to enable retail investors and pension members to create and benefit from a more sustainable investment system. 

We are a research, design and technology-focused team, driven by impact and based in Bristol.

Tumelo partners with investment and pension providers, enabling them to provide their customers with transparency over the companies they own and a shareholder voice on issues they care about, such as gender equality, human rights or climate change. 

Our solution is white-label software delivered via APIs and/or a user-facing platform. Our software integrates with providers' existing platforms to drive customer engagement, acquisition and retention.

You will find the documentation for our API here. 

## Transparency and Shareholder Voting

We start by giving investors and pension members [transparency](./What_is_Transparency/README.md) over their investments, allowing them to see and learn about the companies they are invested in.

Our [shareholder voting](./What_is_Voting/README.md) system gives investors and pension members a voice on issues they care about at the companies they are invested in, such as gender equality, human rights or climate change.

Some API users may not need to make use of our transparency API to display company information to their end users, however shareholder voting uses the underlying transparency information to determine which companies an investor holds and which issues they may express their voting preferences on.

For information on how to access the platform and to authenticate with the API see our [Getting Started](./Getting_Started/README.md) guide.

Please let us have any feedback about this documentation by contacting [support@tumelo.com](mailto:support@tumelo.com)

Commit message:

Fund manager votes user guide (#42)
* Fund manager votes user guide

* Removed deprecated habitatID from auth body

README.md, after:

# Tumelo Platform API Documentation

Tumelo's mission is to enable retail investors and pension members to create and benefit from a more sustainable investment system. 

We are a research, design and technology-focused team, driven by impact and based in Bristol.

Tumelo partners with investment and pension providers, enabling them to provide their customers with transparency over the companies they own and a shareholder voice on issues they care about, such as gender equality, human rights or climate change. 

Our solution is white-label software delivered via APIs and/or a user-facing platform. Our software integrates with providers' existing platforms to drive customer engagement, acquisition and retention.

You will find the documentation for our API here. 

For information on how to access the platform and to authenticate with the API see our [Getting Started](./Getting_Started/README.md) guide.

## Transparency and Shareholder Voting

We start by giving investors and pension members [transparency](./What_is_Transparency/README.md) over their investments, allowing them to see and learn about the companies they are invested in.

Our [shareholder voting](./What_is_Voting/README.md) system gives investors and pension members a voice on issues they care about at the companies they are invested in, such as gender equality, human rights or climate change.

Some API users may not need to make use of our transparency API to display company information to their end users, however shareholder voting uses the underlying transparency information to determine which companies an investor holds and which issues they may express their voting preferences on.

## Stewardship and Fund Manager Voting

In practice over the last few decades, the number of individual shareholders has declined, while the number of shares held by institutional investors has increased. It is therefore increasingly relevant to understand how the fund managers who are making investment and voting decisions on behalf of their fund's investors are acting in the interests of their investors.

Tumelo's [Stewardship API](./Stewardship/README.md) makes available the voting activity of the leading fund managers, providing insights into how they are stewarding their funds.

## Feedback and Comments

Please let us have any feedback about this documentation by contacting [support@tumelo.com](mailto:support@tumelo.com)
